Solitude soaks, and soaks my cheeks,
But the presence of dawn quietly rises,
Inviting me up, into the sky.
Hope awaits me in the distance, that's right - I'm on my way!
Even while being lost myself, I set off on a journey looking for you.
But knowing you passed me by, you touched my hand, haven't you?
I'll catch you, and never let go!
The fact that our hearts are seeking one another, proves our dreams are real.
Every time we accept each other, I grow more and more fond of you.
I don't need any more sorrowful days..
Accepting each other, we'll surely, surely
Open our eyes to the joys in life.
The love that came to be, gives out the sound of soft scattering feathers.
I don't want to hurt it, but I don't intend on letting it go, either.
So catch me, as many times as it takes!
The fate that has brought us together, crosses over time amidst a dream..
And as I'm being torn off by this pain, my heart calls for you.
I don't need any more contentless days...
being torn off by this pain, we'll surely, surely
See what the joys in life are.
Solitude soaks, and soaks my cheeks
But the presence of dawn quietly rises
Inviting me up, into the sky.
Hope awaits me in the distance - it should be waiting!
Every time we accept each other, I grow more and more fond of you.
I don't need any more sorrowful days...
Accepting each other, the joys in life will
Surely, surely, start warming up...
and as I'm being torn off by this pain, my heart calls for you.
I don't need any more contentless days..
Being torn off by this pain, we'll surely, surely
Warm up the joys in life, and we'll surely, surely, make them our own.
Solitude falls down my cheeks..
Even while being lost myself, I've found you...